# Thứ hai, 02 Tháng 9 năm 2024 20:01:01 +07
You 're right, Professor. Just giving a bit of background information, the FireBolt, incidentally, has a built-in auto brake. Gryffindor in possession, Katy of Gryffindor heading for goal. Harry streaked past Katy in the opposite direction, gazing around for glint of gold and noticing that Cho Chang was tailing him closely. She was  undoubtedly a very good flier. She kept cutting across him, forcing him to change direction. Show her your acceleration, Harry. Fred yelled as he whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was aiming for Alisa. Harry urged the FireBolt forward as they rounded the Ravenclaw goal post and Cho fell behind. Just as Katy succeeded in scoring the first goal of match and the Gryffindor end of the pitch went wild. He saw it. The snitch was close to the ground, flitting near one of barriers. Harry dived, Cho saw what he was doing and tore after him. Harry was speeding up, excitement flooding him, dives were his speciality, he was ten feet away. Then, a Bludger, hit by one of a Ravenclaw beater, came pelting out of nowhere. Harry veered off course, avoiding it by an inch. And in those few crucial seconds, the snitch had vanished.


# Thứ ba, 03 Tháng 9 năm 2024 22:22:01 +07
There was a great 'Ohhhh' of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. Weasley vented his feelings by hitting the second Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll right over mid-air to avoid it. Gryffindor lead by eighty point to zero and look at that FireBolt go. Harry is really putting it through its paces now. See it turn, Cho's Comet is just no match for it. The FireBolt's precision balance is really noticeable there... Jordan, are you being paid to advertise FireBolts. Get on with the commentary. Ravenclaw was pulling back. They had now scored three goals. Which put Gryffindor only fifty points ahead. If Cho got the snitch before him, the Ravenclaw would win. Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding Ravenclaw chaser, scanning the pitch frantically. A glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings. The snitch was circling the Gryffindor goalpost. Harry accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold ahead. But next second, Cho appeared out of the thin air, blocking him. Harry, this is no time to be a gentleman. Wood roared as Harry swerved to avoid a collision. Knock her off her broom if you have to.

